Add Fedora installation in the Setup Dev Guide (#136)
localstack/docs: content/en/developer-guide/setup.md

### Installation instructions

> Below are some basic installation instructions for the dependencies you will need (assuming you're on Debian/Ubuntu Linux). In the case of Fedora/Centos most of the packages are pretty same named with a few exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are some basic installation instructions for the dependencies you will need (assuming you're on Debian/Ubuntu Linux). In the case of Fedora/CentOS, most of the packages have pretty much the same name, with a few exceptions.
```
